Now let's make sure we can all log in for dad Andy off action creator so in the store actions folder
in the all file we can duplicate to sign up.
Action creator copy it and renamed a copy to log in.
This all will need e-mail and a password but it will send the request to a slightly different you are
ell if you have a look at the official docs for a signing in.
This is your you or l it might look almost equal.
But here the difference is this word sign in with password instead of sign up after accounts colon.
This is what we need to change to have a valid you are Elif again.
And of course therefore you could also think about ways of merging this into into one function and reusing
code I'll explicitly let it split up here to make it really clear that we have two separate functions
here and now with that we're sending a request to this you or L we still need to attach email password
and this return secure token field which always should be true and we'll get back pretty much the same
data as when we sign up just one extra field which basically tells us where it is.
Email is part of an existing account so I pretend that we sent the same data here.
We can leave it as it is.
We want to have this check here and therefore here I can then also log my response data.
Of course I don't want to dispatch a sign up action here but instead dispatch a new log and action thereafter.
Though we're also not doing anything.
Therefore now will soon do so.
I can already change what we dispatch with that.
Let's see where that works.
But Ford is of course some changes on you off screen are required because right now there we always
when we press this button we always sign up right now and that's not what I want instead of always signing
up I want to either sign up or log in depending on which mode we're in and this mode should be changeable
with the help of this button which allows us to switch between modes.
So in order to be able to switch between modes we need to manage some additional state in the off screen.
Basically a state that allows us to find out whether we're a log and mode or in sign up mode.
So here I use my state and I start with false because this should say is sign up and set is sign up
and that therefore tells us where we're currently in sign up mode or if that's false if we're in the
log in mode.
Basically because these are the two modes we have right.
So is sign up is false initially because initially I want to be in log in mode and now we can use is
sign up to determine what happens when we press the log and button but all of which text we all put
their so let's start with the text here.
I don't always want to say log in.
Instead I want to check if is sign up is true.
Then here I want to say sign up and I only want to say log in if this is not true.
And here of course I don't always want to say switch to sign up.
What I say here depends on the mode we're in.
So here I will now use back ticks which switch to so that here I can inject the dynamic value which
now depends on is sign up and then the dynamic value even is a string where I say log in because of
is sign up is true we switch to log in mode or if is sign up is false.
We switch to the sign up mode because we are in log in mode so that changes the text.
Now here in this function I want to call set is sign up and basically invert it for this we can use
that function form of updating this where here we get our previous state so where I pass a function
to the setter function here and I return what the previous state is not.
So the previous state of course is a boolean because with is sign up we are managing a boolean state
which initially is false.
And now here Dale for I get that current state and I set the opposite as a new state.
So if this is currently true I set it to false if it was false I said it to true.
That's what's happening here.
Now we just need to make sure that different things happen here for Dad all renamed is from sign up
handler to off handler to be more generic and it's naming and of course bind by off handler down there
and now in that off handler function we can check in which mode we are.
So here I can check if is sign up is true.
And if that is the case then of course I want to dispatch this action so that's fine else if that's
not true I want to dispatch the other action and therefore we can even changed as a bit dispatched down
there and define our action up here.
And now my action initially is undefined.
And then I set action either to this or I said action equal to off actions log in with form state input
values whips input values email and form state input values password like that and now action is a variable
which I can pass to dispatch down there.
So I always dispatch does action but does action is ever the result of off actions sign up or of off
actions log in depending on whether we're in sign up mode or in log in mode with that we're really flexible
and now if we safety's if I switch here you see the text updates here on Android as well and therefore
now if I switch to log in mode so if this says log in and at try logging in here make sure you entered
the same credentials you used before for creating this and I press log in.
This looks pretty good.
I get my console output here with the data.
This you or l should return.
So dad looks like it works with Dad we're able to sign up and to log in but of course we're not doing
anything with that token right now.
And of course we also have no error management or a loading state management.
So these are things we'll also have to add.